

-- I am gonna focus on these till the next year -- 
 
 I will have some long term goals and then short term goals 
 the entire picture is not clear yet 
 so i will try to divide them into categories but that's foolish for a reason I might realise later 


 Lets begin with easy one 

 -- Physical Goals -- 
 I have been trying to get into good shape that I can be proud of since long time, 
 I think its time to put that into place

 I need a flat tummy 
 Light and quicky body with hard knuckles In case shit goes down 
 so my fitness routing should include core strength and abs exercises and basic boxing or kickboxing simulations 
 one way to make knuckles hard is by just simply punching the wall. Can start slowly and build toughness overtime 
 Diet is not a concern, I am not into too much muscles as it could potentialy make body bit too rigid, need flexibility 
 but i should still provide enough protein 
 basic vitamins and meals should suffice calories can be counted 
 for better skin just drink water and eat fruits, no need for cosmetic shit, not a woman i am 


 -- Mental goals -- 
 here comes the tricky part but the interesting one 
    -- Focus -- 
        this is important and i mean very important, need to priortize it 
        stare at point on wall or something and just focus, let bs come and go 
        white noise helps 
        counting steps while walking or breaths when doing nothing 
        Its not much hard to develop but easy to get bored out as its almost impossible to track its progress, Stay on it LAD
        No fucking insta reels, shorts and stuff, they reduces attention span same goes with recent movies or tv series 
        can watch older movies or bob ross paint stuff


    -- Mono Tasking -- 
        Fuck multitasking that shit is not real, Our brain is a one core CPU, with increased focus multi tasking happens automatically through microservice attentions any way
        Trying to multitask fucks with brain focus too

    -- Logic -- 
        Must tread carefully here, humans are stupid and has emotions 
        slowly distance myself from reacting to situation by responding in one way (Just nod )
        thinking pattern is hard to change but the question is what's the right thinking pattern 
        Implementing logical thinking is good. Its just like removing unnecessary shit from desk so you have cleaner space to work with 
        remove the clutter from the given data and reach the meaningful data 
        work on it by process of elemenation and reach the factual result 

    -- problem solving -- 
        see similar problems and what worked 
        and if failed, figure out why failed 
        find the bug, fix it and run the solution again
        worked? good 
        didnt work? do again 
        still didnt work? Let's impelement new solutions 
        we have the data or not does not matter 
        problems are of few types
        some resolve it self with time so, patience is the key here 
        some requires users actions 
        some requires collaborative actions 

        if latter cases, dissect it, priortize, divide, conqure, repeat until diminished 


    -- Strategy -- 
        Hardest of all, the end boss of the game, hardest to master 
        a task is thought of or given, need to plan for the desired result 
        how to do that? 
        what's the right way?
        is the chosen way correct?
        It is one of the things that needs all of the above 
        first know what you have, collect resources information 
        2nd know what you need, collect required resources information 
        acqiure required resources 
        use resources 
        finish the task 

        above is a typical strategy which is complete and not complete at the same time for any task planning 

        in case resources are scarced and hard or impossible to get?
        find alternatives and make peace. 
        if no alternative ? why bother with the task? 
        if still task need to be done ? strategy get tricky doesn't it ?
        lets break it down 
        a task that is doable but gettting the resources are impossible can not exist 
        two of them cant exist together, if the task is within the laws of nature, it can be done 
        resources need are impossible for you to get yet, so find if others can get it. long way but only possible way. 
        if you are still finding things difficult you have not learned and applied logic to it. 1diot 

        what if strategy fails ?
        Did you had a plan B? No? 
        You see having a plan B is not a completely different strategy, its a branch of strategy 
        It is devised on each step of the plan, you can not have a plan B at the end of the strategy 
        You must have it on each crucial step. 

        result is not the end of the strategy, it could be the last step of it but not the end. 

        have xtra time on your hand? why not a plan C -- 00 on each step. 

        Now that's a strategy 

        the learner: Arsenal of weapons as big as the universe gives you edge even over a godly diety, pool of knowledge shall be so big, that once stepped into shores are not visible any more. 
        one look to other end of the pool sees nothing but infinity of wisdom and knowledge. that empty abyss of darkness filled with knowledge which consumes light and shits it out black

-- carrer goals -- 
    The most BS of all, what should i do in life ?
    It has to broken down and understood at multiple levels 
    the most important level of carrer is financial stability. 
    if no finanicals everything falls apart. basic needs has to be completed, food, water, shelter, liabilites or any other fixed expenses. 
    you have that going you can focus on other things. 
    Question arises? how can i acheive that? 
    what should I do ? 
    My friend did you look at the mental goals and followed and applied them thorougly?, especially the strategy part? 

    It does not matter what you do as long as you have stability 

    with all the above applied you are a walking force of nature, ready to consume whatever comes in front and consume it whole, rip it apart and take its core as souvenier 
    whatever you touch is shaken by your sheer understanding, your godly aura and the master of existence it self 

